# Intern Coding Test Daemon Investments
 Exercice 1 - Portfolio Management

Descriptive Data Analysis:
 Market stocks can be mathematically described as a collection of random variables indexed by a discrete mathematical set, usually corresponding to time measured in days, months or years. This behavior is extremely similar to stochastic processes, mathematical objects used to describe systems and phenomena that appear to vary in a random manner.
 The simulation using code1_1.py starts by giving out one hundred normally distributed daily returns datasets. Such datasets are typically known as Wiener processes or Geometric Brownian Motion processes, which is a stochastic process with stationary and independent increments that are normally distributed based on the size of the increments. Wiener process is used as a basis for widely applied mathematical models in financial markets and, therefore, the statistical behaviors of the simulated datasets are valid aproximations to market data.
 The screening process to choose the optimal 10 stocks out of 100 to build our portfolio used a widely known technical indicator for systematic trading strategies: the Relative stock Strength (RS), a non-standardized proportional measure of average price gains and average price losses. Although usually utilized with a overbought and oversold trading strategy, the vanilla approach was applied here, simply choosing the ten investments outperforming the rest. That means, the ten securities with the biggest RS indicators were selected, assuming a continuous outperformance trend.
